this is the Apple Vision Pro this this
is the beginning of Apple's spatial
Computing journey and this is the
unboxing Vision Pro so I'm expecting
pretty good packaging for this
introduction to a first gen thing so the
headset comes with this little cover on
it this is the solo knit band a designed
by Apple in California pamphlet light
seal cushion oh I think you get two of
these heavy Vision Pro paperwork and
this is the Dual Loop band that goes
both around the back of your head and
over the top of your head and then
there's your power 2 and 1/2 to 3 hour
battery that comes with Vision Pro the
cable USBC and the wall brick polishing
cloth if you happen to wear glasses or
have a prescription you will be able to
use a $100 pair of Zeiss lenses this is
the external Vision Pro travel case I
kind of think it looks sweet so this is
where the battery will go so this is
where you put polishing cloth power
brick and USBC charging cable and close
it up there's a lot more so get
subscribed how do I look